Little fish, little fish, don't go, go
Don't worry about my brother, hahahaha.
Son is not small
Let you be wronged
I'll be fine when I come back
Just come back
The little bastard's tone is quite hard
It's good to be back
Kill these two old things
How can I give you to Sun Shao to supply the boss, son?
Take your mother and go, go, go
You still want to leave, aren't you better at studying than me?
The salary is higher than mine
Girlfriend is better than me
That old man let you die earlier than me today
Uh-huh.
Ah, dear.
Excuse me?
I stepped on your foot
In vain, my parents take care of your family.
Damn that's because your family is so stupid
kid
Kill this bastard old man, you say bad
Just this trash and I do it myself
Get on the car and waste it for me
Master, be careful
Ahhh
Go upstairs
You're still resisting
I thought I would order three feet of hair.
I thought I was strong
What do you know today?
What is a master
Die